RTCRemoteInboundRtpStreamStats - plus alignment with outbound (#32657)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcremoteoutboundrtpstreamstats/roundtriptimemeasurements/index.md

---
title: "RTCRemoteOutboundRtpStreamStats: roundTripTimeMeasurements property"
short-title: roundTripTimeMeasurements
slug: Web/API/RTCRemoteOutboundRtpStreamStats/roundTripTimeMeasurements
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.RTCStatsReport.type_remote-outbound-rtp.roundTripTimeMeasurements
---

{{APIRef("WebRTC")}}

> The **`roundTripTimeMeasurements`** property of the {{domxref("RTCRemoteOutboundRtpStreamStats")}} dictionary contains a positive integer value that represents the total number valid round trip time measurements received for this [synchronizing source](#ssrc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`roundTripTimeMeasurements`** property of the {{domxref("RTCRemoteOutboundRtpStreamStats")}} dictionary is a positive integer value that represents the total number valid round of trip time measurements received for this [synchronizing source](/en-US/docs/Web/API/RTCRemoteOutboundRtpStreamStats/ssrc).
```

> The count can be used as a measure of the availability and reliability of round-trip-time measurement data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The count can be used as a measure of the availability and reliability of round trip time measurement data.
```

## Value

A positive number indicating the number of valid round trip time measurements.

> This is the count of _RTCP Sender Reports (SR)_ received for this [synchronizing source](#ssrc) that contain a "delay since last RR (DLRR)" field from which a valid round trip time can be derived (according to {{rfc("3611","DLRR Report Block", "4.5")}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the number of _RTCP Sender Reports (SR)_ received for this [synchronizing source](/en-US/docs/Web/API/RTCRemoteOutboundRtpStreamStats/ssrc) that contain a "delay since last RR (DLRR)" field from which a valid round trip time can be derived (according to {{rfc("3611","DLRR Report Block", "4.5")}}).
```
